eace and order
1. What are the problems in your community that arise and how do you solve them?
	the current problem that arises in our community is only the lack of public transportation.The jeepneys that travels is only aroung 4-5 jeepneys.This results to a long queue during 7:00-8:00 everyday.This is a problem to the people especially to students with early classes.But This has been talked about during the last assembly and the Baranggay Officials are now taking action of it.

2. Does your community have curfew hours?
	Lower Dagsian has implented a curfew hours for the minors which is 9:00 PM to reduce cases of accidents and illegal actions.We also have penalties for the offenders to maintain the order of the baranggay and be an example to others so that they won't repeat it again.Baranggay Kagawads roam around the baranggay during the night to check if there are malicious actions that is happening in the baranggay.

3. What is the worst disturbance that you encountered?
	So far the worst disturbance are the just the noises of the neighborhood if they have celebrations or people who are intoxicated of it.We took this as a minor concern since the Baranggay is full of cordillerian Culture.The people in the baranggay almost know each other that is why the people feels safe that disturbance will not occur.The Neighborhood also promotes the concept of camarederie that to strengthen the trust with each other.

4. Do the barangay tanods do their jobs properly?
	The Baranggay tanods does their jobs even though some people get mad at them for doing so.For example there are cars who still park at the 'No parking' area,the Baranggay Tanod captures their plate number and to be claimed at their office with the respective penalty.Also They maintain the cleanliness during the garbage day and roam around during the night to secure the baranggay.The Baranggay Tanods are also approachable if you have any concerns about the baranggay or upcoming events.

5. Does your barangay hold programs or activities to keep youngsters away from illegal things?
	During the Assembly meeting,The Baranggay officials and the respective representative of each houses addresses the problems that occurs in the baranggay and provide the best solution of those.They Also have events such as seminars to be done in the covered court for people to be more oriented.They held seminars such as 'Say no to Smoking,'Animal Care, and other activities.Liga is also activity to distract the youngsters from illegal actions,In this way they can promote sportsmanship and their skills instead of getting curious of illegal things.
